how fun is the best I don't know two
years maybe you getting some this
weekend right up you're gonna get at
least two dicks this weekend for crying
out loud Deena we only gonna be here for
three days
well three to experience you know what I
need you to use your lady laughs I'll
need you to use your lady man we haven't
hung in five years this winter is about
us we are here together today is the
last day that we will ever be this young
I'll also get pregnant Freddie this is
hand-stitched embroidery from a tribe in
Guatemala so they left like in Guatemala
we got to do the bustle of a
substan a great green pan making
memories that we can laugh about for the
rest of our lives because that's what a
girl kisses full-on ground I have to pee
look the line is short over there
there's a long line in the bathroom here
just go
ah
[Music]
move your honors I smell my boo that's a
shocker booboo right there you know I
got some bomb-ass cush if you want to
take it here sweetie too hot where the
friends outside do you know what it can
cause of my little section here you can
y'know infection in your booty ho it's a
bunch of
[Music]